feat(curriculum): add cipher project to Python curriculum (#52373)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-string-manipulation-by-building-a-cipher/655209a4a27dd37873c4cac3.md

---
id: 655209a4a27dd37873c4cac3
title: Step 14
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-14
---

# --description--

> `find()` returns the index of the character inside the parsed string. If the character is not found, it returns `-1`. As you can see, the first character in `text`, uppercase "H", is not found, since `alphabet` contains lowercase letters only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`find()` returns the index of the character inside the parsed string. If the character is not found, it returns `-1`. As you can see, the first character in `text`, uppercase "H", is not found, since `alphabet` contains lowercase letters only.

```

---
id: 655209a4a27dd37873c4cac3
title: Step 14
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-14
---

# --description--

> `find()` returns the index of the character inside the parsed string. If the character is not found, it returns `-1`. As you can see, the first character in `text`, uppercase "H", is not found, since `alphabet` contains lowercase letters only.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`find()` returns the index of the matching character inside the string. If the character is not found, it returns `-1`. As you can see, the first character in `text`, uppercase `"H"`, is not found, since `alphabet` contains only lowercase letters.
```

> You can transform a string in its lowercase equivalent by means of the `lower()` function. Add another `print` call to print `text.lower()` and see the output.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can transform a string to its lowercase equivalent, with the `lower()` function. Add another `print` call to print `text.lower()` and see the output.
```
